README.md, before:

Turn GitHub's auto-generated release notes into human-readable sentences.

Converts this:

![Original](img/original.png)

Into this:

![Modified](img/modified.png)

Notice that:

- Commits that are inconsequential to the user are excluded (chore, ci, refactor).
- Each PR is converted into a precise sentence, based on it's title, description, diff and any linked issue.
- Each sentence has a consistent style and tense.
- Human authors and reviewers are credited, not bots.

UX:

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d1dd513-b643-4f02-aac9-ba9c3f16d043


> [!WARNING]
> The prompt is geared towards [ERPNext](https://github.com/frappe/erpnext) and the [Frappe Framework](https://github.com/frappe/frappe). If you want to use this for different projects, please fork and adjust to your liking.

## Configuration

Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and fill in your GitHub token and OpenAI API key.

You can choose a database type by setting the `DB_TYPE` environment variable. Currently supported are `csv` and `sqlite`.

## Usage

```bash
source env/bin/activate

python main.py --help
python main.py erpnext v15.38.4 # using DEFAULT_OWNER from .env
python main.py --owner alyf-de banking v0.0.1
```

Example output:

```markdown
---- Original ----
## What's Changed
* fix: list view and form status not same for purchase order (backport #43690) (backport #43692) by @mergify in https://github.com/frappe/erpnext/pull/43706


**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/frappe/erpnext/compare/v15.38.3...v15.38.4

---- Modified ----
## What's Changed
* Removes unnecessary decimal precision checks for _per_received_ and _per_billed_ fields in **Purchase Order**, so the list view status and form status remain consistent. https://github.com/frappe/erpnext/pull/43706


**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/frappe/erpnext/compare/v15.38.3...v15.38.4
**Authors**: @rohitwaghchaure
```

## Authors and Reviewers

The authors and reviewers of the PRs are added to the release notes.

- An author who reviewed or merged their own PR or backport is not a reviewer.
- A non-author who reviewed or merged someone else's PR is a reviewer.
- The author of the original PR is also the author of the backport.


## Testing

```bash
pytest tests/*
```

Commit message:

Add GitHub webhook support for automated release notes generation
Co-authored-by: raffael <raffael@alyf.de>

README.md, after:

Turn GitHub's auto-generated release notes into human-readable sentences.

Converts this:

![Original](img/original.png)

Into this:

![Modified](img/modified.png)

Notice that:

- Commits that are inconsequential to the user are excluded (chore, ci, refactor).
- Each PR is converted into a precise sentence, based on it's title, description, diff and any linked issue.
- Each sentence has a consistent style and tense.
- Human authors and reviewers are credited, not bots.

UX:

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d1dd513-b643-4f02-aac9-ba9c3f16d043


> [!WARNING]
> The prompt is geared towards [ERPNext](https://github.com/frappe/erpnext) and the [Frappe Framework](https://github.com/frappe/frappe). If you want to use this for different projects, please fork and adjust to your liking.

## Configuration

Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and fill in your GitHub token and OpenAI API key.

You can choose a database type by setting the `DB_TYPE` environment variable. Currently supported are `csv` and `sqlite`.

### Webhook Setup

For automatic release notes generation when releases are published, you can set up a GitHub webhook:

1. Add a `GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET` to your `.env` file with a secure random string
2. Run the FastAPI server: `python server.py`
3. In your GitHub repository settings, add a webhook pointing to `http://your-server:8000/webhook/release`
4. Set the webhook secret to the same value as `GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET`
5. Select "Releases" as the event to trigger the webhook

When a release is published, the webhook will automatically generate and update the release notes.

## Usage

### CLI Usage

```bash
source env/bin/activate

python main.py --help
python main.py erpnext v15.38.4 # using DEFAULT_OWNER from .env
python main.py --owner alyf-de banking v0.0.1
```

### Webhook Server

```bash
source env/bin/activate

python server.py
```

The webhook server will run on `http://0.0.0.0:8000` by default.

Example output:

```markdown
---- Original ----
## What's Changed
* fix: list view and form status not same for purchase order (backport #43690) (backport #43692) by @mergify in https://github.com/frappe/erpnext/pull/43706


**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/frappe/erpnext/compare/v15.38.3...v15.38.4

---- Modified ----
## What's Changed
* Removes unnecessary decimal precision checks for _per_received_ and _per_billed_ fields in **Purchase Order**, so the list view status and form status remain consistent. https://github.com/frappe/erpnext/pull/43706


**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/frappe/erpnext/compare/v15.38.3...v15.38.4
**Authors**: @rohitwaghchaure
```

## Authors and Reviewers

The authors and reviewers of the PRs are added to the release notes.

- An author who reviewed or merged their own PR or backport is not a reviewer.
- A non-author who reviewed or merged someone else's PR is a reviewer.
- The author of the original PR is also the author of the backport.


## Testing

```bash
pytest tests/*
```
